linked audiences p0.1 (#6529)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/engage/audiences/linked-audiences.md

- [Step 4: Confirm the payload in your destination](#step-4-confirm-the-payload-in-your-destination)

## Step 1: Build a Linked Audience

Linked Audiences allows you to filter based on properties like [profile traits](/docs/unify/#enrich-profiles-with-traits), [relational data](/docs/glossary/#sql) mapped to the [Data Graph](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/data-graph/), [events](/docs/glossary/#event), and existing [audiences](/docs/glossary/#audience).

![Choose your audience conditions](/docs/engage/images/conditions.png)

To build a Linked Audience:

1. Navigate to **Engage > Audiences**.
2. Select **+ New audience > Audience**.
3. On the **Select Audience Type** screen, select **Linked audience**, then click **Next**.
**Note:** if you cannot select **Linked audience**, ensure you’ve [set up your Data Graph](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/data-graph/) in Unify.
4. Select the event conditions on which to build your audience.
5. Click **Preview** to view your audience selection and see a count of audience members who meet the criteria.
6. When your audience is complete and accurate, click **Next**.
7. Enter an audience name and description to identify this configuration.

> Optionally, select a folder to add this Audience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, select a folder to add this audience.
```

8. Click **Create Audience**.

## Step 2: Activate your Linked Audience

After you build your Linked Audience, you can send events to your chosen destinations and use them for personalizing your customer communications. To take advantage of this feature, you're required to set up a few steps that will result in activating your Linked Audience. 

These steps include:

- [Step 2a: Connecting to a Destination](#step-2a-connecting-to-a-destination)
- [Step 2b: Selecting your Destination Actions](#step-2b-select-your-destination-actions)
- [Step 2c: Defining how and when to trigger an event to your Destination](#step-2c-define-how-and-when-to-trigger-an-event-to-your-destination)
- [Step 2d: Configuring the event payload](#step-2d-configure-the-event)

> ### Step 2a: Connecting to a Destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2a: Connecting to a destination
```

> info "Linked Audiences is in public beta"
> Linked Audiences is in public beta, and Segment is actively working on this feature. Some functionality may change before it becomes generally available.

> With Linked Audiences, you can build an audience that uses the relational data you've defined in your [Data Graph](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/data-graph/), activate profile audiences, or send relational data to your source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Linked Audiences, you can build an audience from the relational data you've defined in your [Data Graph](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/data-graph/), activate profile audiences, or send relational data to your source.
```

To learn more about specific use cases you can set up with Linked Audiences, see the [Linked Audiences Use Cases](/docs/engage/audiences/linked_audiences/linked-audiences-use-cases/) topic.

## Prerequisites

> Before you begin setting up your linked audience, ensure you have:

Author: Good catch, missed one.

- [Set up profiles sync](/unify/profiles-sync/profiles-sync-setup/).
- Set up your warehouse permissions using [Snowflake](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/setup-guides/snowflake-setup/).
- [Ensure someone has set up your data graph](/docs/unify/linked-profiles/data-graph/)
Workspace Owner or Unify Read-Admin, Entities Admin, and Source Admin permissions.

## Setting up Linked Audiences

To set up your linked audience, complete the following steps:

> - [Step 1: Build a linked audience](#step-1-build-a-linked-audience)
> - [Step 2: Activate your Linked Audiences](#step-2-activate-your-linked-audience)
> - [Step 3: Enable your linked audience](#step-3-enable-your-linked-audience)
> - [Step 4: Confirm the payload in your destination](#step-4-confirm-the-payload-in-your-destination)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Step 1: Build a Linked Audience](#step-1-build-a-linked-audience)
- [Step 2: Activate your Linked Audiences](#step-2-activate-your-linked-audience)
- [Step 3: Enable your Linked Audience](#step-3-enable-your-linked-audience)
- [Step 4: Confirm the payload in your destination](#step-4-confirm-the-payload-in-your-destination)
```

4. Select the event conditions on which to build your audience.
5. Click **Preview** to view your audience selection and see a count of audience members who meet the criteria.
6. When your audience is complete and accurate, click Next.
7. Enter an audience name and description to identify this configuration.
Optionally, select a folder to add this Audience.
8. Click **Create Audience**.

## Step 2: Activate your Linked Audience

After you build your Linked Audience, you can send events to your chosen destinations and use them for personalizing your customer communications. To take advantage of this feature, you're required to set up a few steps that will result in activating your Linked Audience. 

These steps include:

- [Step 2a: Connecting to a Destination](#step-2a-connecting-to-a-destination)
- [Step 2b: Selecting your Destination Actions](#step-2b-select-your-destination-actions)
- [Step 2c: Defining how and when to trigger an event to your Destination](#step-2c-define-how-and-when-to-trigger-an-event-to-your-destination)
- [Step 2d: Configuring the event payload](#step-2d-configure-the-event)

### Step 2a: Connecting to a Destination

> [Destinations](/docs/connections/destinations/) are the business tools or apps that Segment forwards your data to. Adding a Destination allows you to act on your data and learn more about your customers in real time. To fully take advantage of Linked Audiences, you must connect and configure at least one Destination.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Destinations](/docs/connections/destinations/) are the business tools or apps that Segment forwards your data to. Adding a destination allows you to act on your data and learn more about your customers in real time. To fully take advantage of Linked Audiences, you must connect and configure at least one destination.
```

> Before you can connect your Linked Audience to any Destination, ensure it has been [configured as a Destination](/connections/destinations/catalog/).

Author: So a couple things here:

1. I know this is passive voice, but we've talked a lot about the fact that the person doing THIS procedure is not the same person as those setting up destinations, but it's still TBD who our audience is for that.
2. Technically it is all of them that are supported, but we're building instructions giving examples of specific ones before GA. Maybe we want to take this link out until that time?

> Before you can connect your Linked Audience to any Destination, ensure it has been [configured as a Destination](/connections/destinations/catalog/).

Reviewer 2: oh wait - do you mean that the destination should be enabled in your Segment app before you can send audiences to it? If that's the meaning I think we should keep it

> Before you can connect your Linked Audience to any Destination, ensure it has been [configured as a Destination](/connections/destinations/catalog/).

Author: oh wait - do you mean that the destination should be enabled in your Segment app before you can send audiences to it? If that's the meaning I think we should keep it

@forstisabella yes that's what it means. it won't show up here unless it's already set up.

> Before you can connect your Linked Audience to any Destination, ensure it has been [configured as a Destination](/connections/destinations/catalog/).

Author: I'm going to reword based on your last comment

1. From the audience overview page, select **Add destination**.
2. Select the event Destination from the list of pre-connected choices.
3. Click **Configure data to send to destination**.

### Step 2b: Select your Destination Actions

> The [Destination Actions](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/) framework allows you to see and control how Segment sends the event data it receives from your sources, to actions-based destinations. Each Action in a destination lists the event data it requires, and the event data that is optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Destination Actions](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/) framework allows you to see and control how Segment sends the event data it receives from your sources to actions-based destinations. Each Action in a destination lists the event data it requires, and the event data that is optional.
```

> Segment displays available actions based on the Destination you've connected with your Linked Audience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Segment displays available actions based on the destination you've connected to your Linked Audience.
```

Select the Destination Action to call when the event happens, then click **Next**.

> ### Step 2c: Define how and when to trigger an event to your Destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2c: Define how and when to trigger an event to your destination
```

> Configure how and when events are produced with each audience run. You can choose the entities referenced in the audience builder to trigger an event off of. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configure how and when events are produced with each audience run. Select the entities referenced in the audience builder to act as a trigger for your events. 
```

### Step 2d: Configure the event

> After you select an action, Segment attempts to automatically configure the data fields that will be sent to the Destination. You can review and adjust these settings before enabling this event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you select an action, Segment attempts to automatically configure the data fields that will be sent to the destination. You can review and adjust these settings before enabling this event.
```

## Step 3: Enable your Linked Audience

> After building your Linked Audience, you'll be redirected to the Audience Overview page. By default, the audience is disabled so that it does not start computing until you're ready. To enable your audience:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After building your Linked Audience, you'll be redirected to the Audience Overview page. Segment automatically disables your audience so that it does not start computing until you're ready. To enable your audience:
```

Select the **Enabled** toggle, then select **Enable audience**.

> You can trigger a compute for your audience if you want to send events to your Destination without waiting for the next scheduled compute run. To do so, select **Compute Now**. This triggers a compute for the audience (where the audience conditions run on your data warehouse) and sends events downstream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can trigger a compute for your audience if you want to send events to your destination without waiting for the next scheduled compute run. To do so, select **Compute Now**. This triggers a compute for the audience (where the audience conditions run on your data warehouse) and sends events downstream.
```

> ## Step 4: Confirm the payload in your Destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Confirm the payload in your destination
```

> Linked Audiences sends events to your Destination after Segment computes the audience.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/blob/develop/styleguide.md#:~:text=Sources%20and%20destinations,example%2C%20capitalize%20source/destination.

```suggestion
Linked Audiences sends events to your destination after Segment computes the audience.
```

> To confirm your Destination is receiving events, Segment recommends that you log in to your Destination and perform one of the following:

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/blob/develop/styleguide.md#:~:text=Sources%20and%20destinations,example%2C%20capitalize%20source/destination.

```suggestion
To confirm your destination is receiving events, Segment recommends that you log in to your destination and perform one of the following:
```
